Day 1:
Areej-
We held a zoom meeting in which we discussed our topic "Sets". We distributed the work amongst the 5 members.
Everyone has a different role and we'll be working on our parts and also help and edit eachothers work when needed. 

On Friday the whole group came together to construct a draft of our presentation:
Slide 1
Overview

Slide 2-3
Introduction 

Sets definition
Union
Intersection
Difference

Slide 4
Cartesian Product (1 slide)
Definition and Visualisation

Slide 5
Code

Slide 6
Output

Slide 7
Live demo of set calculator 

Slide 8-9
Cartesian Product in Computability.
Cartesian product in geographical mapping

Slide 10-11
Applications in real life
Database
Machine Learning

Slide 12
Daily life Applications

Slide 13
Daily life Application Puzzle (Interactive)

Slide 14
Conclusion 
On Monday Oct 28 We had a small discussion about the algorithm of our code that we will be using in our presentation We wrote our Algorithm and Pseudo Code

Areej:
Today I started working on my code for the Set Calculator. I learnt Dynamic arrays as they will be used in my code and we have not covered it in our course yet. Thus, I have started self learning.
I also started finding information on Cartesian Product Theories, specifically Cartesian Product in Logic and Computability.

Rabia: 
Today I worked a bit more on code and learnt how to make a console application I am taking it bit by bit. But I am tryinng to make an application

Maryam:
I have started working on the introductory slides which will cover the fundamental definition of sets and their classification.

Hafsa:
I'm currently gathering data on the daily life applications of Cartesian Product using different resources on the internet as well as textbooks on statistical maths. 

Areej:
My topic of research is Cartesian Product in Computability. I am currently doing research on automata and the application of Cartesian product in it. Here are some of the papers and websites I have used:
https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/courses/soco/projects/2004-05/automata-theory/basics.html
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/344546618_CARTESIAN_PRODUCT_OF_AUTOMATA

Maryam:
I am currently working on the application of the cartesian product in relational databases,specifically focusing on how different join operations are used to combine data from multiple tables.
The following are some of the websites that i am using for my research and understanding:
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/cartesian-join/
https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_join.asp

Hafsa:
I've been looking closely at how Cartesian Product is useful in our everyday lives. I've gathered some useful information such as how online shopping websites and travel agencies use Cartesian Product. I took help from:
https://www.softpost.org/iit-jee/real-world-applications-of-cartesian-products-concept


Rameen: I am currently researching on applications of cartesian product in geaographical mapping along with the code making for set calculator.

Rameen: I am currently researching on how cartesian product helps us in finding exact locations which is helpful in navigation and mapping.

Rameen: Today, I searched for world map and google maps with longitude and latitudes and their importance in finding
exact locations of anyplace on Earth.


Rabia:
Today I worked on sets used in machine learning I used following sites for this purpose,
https://medium.com/@jainvidip/understanding-train-test-and-validation-data-in-machine-learning-f8276165619c
https://scikit-learn.org/stable/

Rameen:  Researching on how sets of latitude and longitudes with the help of cartesian product helps us to find location of anywhere on Earth.

Rabia: 
I spent a good amount of time on building set calculator in python I studied python from W3 School and studied the documentation of tkinter library by python docs as we are using this in our code. We have switched our code from c++ to python.

Rabia:
Yesterday and today i reserched on how sets are used in machine learning and i came across various interesting facts about sets.

Rabia:
Today I again researched on Machine learning and sets I am currently trying to relate Machine learning to sets.

Rabia:
I worked on building set calculator and I also discussed it with some of our group members in class It is almost complete now.

Rameen: Did more research on geographical mapping using cartesian product.

Hafsa: 
Over the last few days, I've been working on my part of the slides for the presentation. We're almost done with the coding as well.

Areej: Ive defined automata on my slides to ensure a basic understanding of what it is. This will help picture how Cartesian Product is applied 
on it.

Areej: We are almost done with our code and we will be making a short video as a demonstration of our output. 

Hafsa:
I've finalised my part of the slides and am now researching on other daily applications of the Cartesian Product to gain a clear understanding of how it really works.

Rabia: 
I am done with my slides today I finalised it The code is just at the end.

Rabia:
I researched a bit more on machine learning and how it is connected to sets i tried to relate them and now i am searching for its visual representation.

Maryam:
After doing my research on what relational databases are, i started working on cross joins and its different examples.

Maryam:
Continuing my research about cartesian product and its application in relational databases, i have started to explore how it forms the basis for more complex joins which include inner join, left join and right join etc. 

Maryam:
I have been using different youtube videos and websites for my understanding. Following are some of the links to the videos:
https://youtu.be/F6MBz_h3Uj8?si=T-5jrptMN259MZaI
https://youtu.be/qvioqCvvMek?si=y1u6iZhomBNVEzQa

Maryam:
I explored different examples which have helped me to better understand the application of each join and how we can use them depending on the requirement.

Maryam:
Yesterday, i started working on my slides and found different images and examples that can help me comprehend the topic in a better way.
